Hello, guys! I am a college student from China. Firstly, please forgive my unprofessional English, but I will try my best to learn English also. I have studied in Software Department for almost 4 years. I really love coding, because it give me so many chances to change the world.

When I was graduated from high school in 2014. Apple announced the new programming language Swift, so that I started to study it by myself. Although, there's only English resources of Swift, I read the documentation carefully and look up words in the dictionary. Today, I'm more proficient than before in Swift & iOS development. So I'd love to share my experiences to others in China. I wrote my blog from 2014 (https://www.jianshu.com/u/b88081164fe8 contents are in Chinese), and in that year I registered GitHub account to open source my code(https://github.com/kingcos). During these years, I realized share is a great thing. I have receive many thanks from my blog. I will keep writing great things about Swift, iOS and other great coding knowledge. Another way to spread coding is coding contests. During my college life, I attended many coding contests. These contests will let more people to value coding and to learn more technology. Although, there's still a lot of hard work to do in China, but I think more and more people and children will learn coding just like Math. As for me, I will keep coding and sharing my coding knowledge to help others. And I will study hard to develop great user experience and powerful apps for users.